RC: Redis 7.4 Preview (#369)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/changelog/july-2024.md

---
Title: Redis Cloud changelog (July 2024)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rc
description: New features, enhancements, and other changes added to Redis Cloud during
  July 2024.
highlights: Redis 7.4 Preview
linktitle: July 2024
weight: 46
---

## New Features

### Redis 7.4 Preview

A preview of Redis 7.4 is now available on [Redis Cloud Essentials databases]({{< relref "/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-essentials-database" >}}) in select regions on Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud.

> Redis 7.4 offers hash field expiration and other feature set improvements. For more information on the changes in Redis 7.4, see the [Redis 7.4 release blog post](REPLACE LINK).

Author: ```suggestion
Redis 7.4 offers hash field expiration and other feature set improvements. For more information on the changes in Redis 7.4, see the [Redis 7.4 release blog post](https://redis.io/blog/announcing-redis-community-edition-and-redis-stack-74).
```
